Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/adpreyes/pen/mdwaYog?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML are elements in HTML that are essentially self-descriptive.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create the overall structure of a webpage and establish its contents.
        HTML acts as a webpage's building blocks.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is an extension of an HTML element--an additional--descriptor--and they are added within the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's used for the most important title of a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Typically, the title of the page and navigation.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that may only apply to a single tag to be used for referencing.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        I believe you can add an id to any element so long as the id itself is unique.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.
    10. What is a class? 
        Classes are attributes assigned to elements for referencing and may be used multiple times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        I believe you may add an element to any class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Any number of times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use the target attribute and set it to "_blank".
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It is used a substitution for the image when it is unable to load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #(id)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is semantic while a div is non-semantic; divs are typically sub-sections of the main section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling HTML code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Classes may be used multiple times while an id cannot.
        You might use classes to format images that fall within similar categories from one another and you would use 
        an id for any element you would like to be unique.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .(class) {

        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        Parent child selectors are used to select elements within other elements. 
        This is useful for when you would like to style a particular tag within an element while
        leaving all other tags within the same page untouched.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar links {

        }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that only selects elements when certain conditions are met.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {

        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm -- it permanently deletes any data without prompt
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control allows us to retain records of past versions of code
        while also making it much easier for large groups of people to work on and edit the 
        same base of code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Whenever you are able to successfully implement new features
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) Create fork of Lambda's repository on github
        2) Clone the newly created fork to your local machine
        3) Ensure you are working within the cloned repo in your local machine
        4) Create a new branch
        5) Work on your code within VS Code
        6) Add, commit, and push code as you make progress
        7) Create a pull request when finished
        8) Submit the URL for the pull request in Canvas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 